Add clarification on package managers x64 support;add manual install … (#16246)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/install/includes/package-manager-switcher.md

> - [OpenSUSE 15 - x64](../linux-package-manager-opensuse15.md)
> - [SLES 12 - x64](../linux-package-manager-sles12.md)
> - [SLES 15 - x64](../linux-package-manager-sles15.md)

> _Package manager installs are only supported on **64-bit** CPUs_. For more information, see [.NET Core dependencies and requirements](../dependencies.md), [Manually install the .NET Core SDK](../sdk.md?pivots=os-linux#download-and-manually-install), and [Manually install the .NET Core Runtime](../runtime.md?pivots=os-linux#download-and-manually-install).

Reviewer: To me, "more information" would be about *why* it only supports x64--it seems like this should have a positive action rather than a handful of links to choose from. More along the lines of

> _Package manager installs are only supported on **64-bit** CPUs_. On other devices, use the instructions to [Manually install the .NET Core SDK](../sdk.md?pivots=os-linux#download-and-manually-install) or [Manually install the .NET Core Runtime](../runtime.md?pivots=os-linux#download-and-manually-install). For more information about supported platforms, see [.NET Core dependencies and requirements](../dependencies.md), .

The "install .NET Core" button on dot.net drops you here without having clicked anything about arch, so I think we need to make it very easy to get pointed in the right direction after the detour.

> _Package manager installs are only supported on **x32-64** architectures_. Other architectures, such as ARM, must [manually install the .NET Core SDK](../sdk.md?pivots=os-linux#download-and-manually-install) or [manually install the .NET Core Runtime](../runtime.md?pivots=os-linux#download-and-manually-install). For more information, see [.NET Core dependencies and requirements](../dependencies.md).

Reviewer: No such thing as x32-64. 😄 

```suggestion
_Package manager installs are only supported on the **x86-64** architecture_. Other architectures, such as ARM, must [manually install the .NET Core SDK](../sdk.md?pivots=os-linux#download-and-manually-install) or [manually install the .NET Core Runtime](../runtime.md?pivots=os-linux#download-and-manually-install). For more information, see [.NET Core dependencies and requirements](../dependencies.md).
```

x64 is a common abbreviation (especially on Windows I think) so I think that would be fine too.
